# BookSettings

Namespace: Connectors.Pull.Hotel.Domain.Contracts.Book.Request

Represents the settings for a hotel booking request.

```csharp
public class BookSettings : Connectors.Pull.Hotel.Domain.Contracts.Common.Settings
```

Inheritance [Object](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/system.object) → [Settings](./connectors.pull.hotel.domain.contracts.common.settings) → [BookSettings](./connectors.pull.hotel.domain.contracts.book.request.booksettings)<br />
Attributes [SerializableAttribute](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/system.serializableattribute), DataContractAttribute, KnownTypeAttribute, KnownTypeAttribute, InterfaceTypeAttribute

**Remarks:**

Inherits from the [Settings](./connectors.pull.hotel.domain.contracts.common.settings) class, which provides common access information such as credentials 
 and supplier-specific configuration required for integration. The [BookSettings.CommitRequired](./connectors.pull.hotel.domain.contracts.book.request.booksettings#commitrequired) property 
 indicates if the booking process requires a second phase (commit) to finalize the reservation.

## Properties

### **CommitRequired**

Indicates whether a commit is required for the booking.

```csharp
public bool CommitRequired { get; set; }
```

#### Property Value

[Boolean](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/system.boolean)<br />

**Remarks:**

When set to `true`, the booking process is completed in two phases: book and commit. 
 Note: This feature is currently not in use.

### **Supplier**

Identifies the supplier associated with the hotel operation. 
 This is a unique code generated by Travelgate within its system to represent the supplier.

```csharp
public string Supplier { get; set; }
```

#### Property Value

[String](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/system.string)<br />

### **Platform**

Represents the platform on which the hotel operation is performed.
 Platforms are collections of suppliers, and the platform code is generated by Travelgate 
 to define the operational context.

```csharp
public string Platform { get; set; }
```

#### Property Value

[String](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/system.string)<br />

### **Client**

Represents the client performing the hotel operation.
 This is a unique client code assigned by Travelgate to identify the client within its system.

```csharp
public string Client { get; set; }
```

#### Property Value

[String](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/system.string)<br />

### **Access**

Contains access information required for the operation, including API credentials, 
 endpoints, and other connection details specific to the supplier's integration.

```csharp
public Access Access { get; set; }
```

#### Property Value

Access<br />

### **BusinessRules**

Specifies the business rules to be applied during the operation. 
 These rules define operational constraints and behavior, such as quota limits or prioritization criteria.

```csharp
public BusinessRules BusinessRules { get; set; }
```

#### Property Value

[BusinessRules](./connectors.pull.hotel.domain.contracts.common.businessrules)<br />

### **Timeout**

Defines the timeout period for the operation as a string value.
 This indicates the maximum amount of time to wait for a supplier's response before timing out.
 The value must be provided in timestamp format (e.g., "00:05:00" for 5 minutes).

```csharp
public string Timeout { get; set; }
```

#### Property Value

[String](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/system.string)<br />

### **TimeoutAsTimeSpan**

Converts the timeout value from the string representation ([Settings.Timeout](./connectors.pull.hotel.domain.contracts.common.settings#timeout)) 
 into a [TimeSpan](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/system.timespan) for use in time-based operations.

```csharp
public TimeSpan TimeoutAsTimeSpan { get; }
```

#### Property Value

[TimeSpan](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/system.timespan)<br />

### **IncludeProviderTransactions**

Indicates whether detailed traces of provider transactions should be included in the operation's response.
 If enabled, the  field in responses will contain the transaction logs 
 (e.g., requests and responses exchanged with the supplier).

```csharp
public bool IncludeProviderTransactions { get; set; }
```

#### Property Value

[Boolean](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/system.boolean)<br />

## Constructors

### **BookSettings()**

```csharp
public BookSettings()
```
